acantharia_protist_big_center                     protists
acantharia_protist_halo                           protists
acantharia_protist                                protists
amphipods                                         crustaceans
appendicularian_fritillaridae                     tunicates
appendicularian_s_shape                           tunicates
appendicularian_slight_curve                      tunicates
appendicularian_straight                          tunicates
artifacts_edge                                    artifacts
artifacts                                         artifacts
chaetognath_non_sagitta                           chaetognaths
chaetognath_other                                 chaetognaths
chaetognath_sagitta                               chaetognaths
chordate_type1                                    chordate_type1
copepod_calanoid_eggs                             copepods
copepod_calanoid_eucalanus                        copepods
copepod_calanoid_flatheads                        copepods
copepod_calanoid_frillyAntennae                   copepods
copepod_calanoid_large_side_antennatucked         copepods
copepod_calanoid_large                            copepods
copepod_calanoid_octomoms                         copepods
copepod_calanoid_small_longantennae               copepods
copepod_calanoid                                  copepods
copepod_cyclopoid_copilia                         copepods
copepod_cyclopoid_oithona_eggs                    copepods
copepod_cyclopoid_oithona                         copepods
copepod_other                                     copepods
crustacean_other                                  crustaceans
ctenophore_cestid                                 ctenophores
ctenophore_cydippid_no_tentacles                  ctenophores
ctenophore_cydippid_tentacles                     ctenophores
ctenophore_lobate                                 ctenophores
decapods                                          shrimp-like
detritus_blob                                     detritus
detritus_filamentous                              detritus
detritus_other                                    detritus
diatom_chain_string                               diatoms
diatom_chain_tube                                 diatoms
echinoderm_larva_pluteus_brittlestar              larvae
echinoderm_larva_pluteus_early                    larvae
echinoderm_larva_pluteus_typeC                    larvae
echinoderm_larva_pluteus_urchin                   larvae
echinoderm_larva_seastar_bipinnaria               larvae
echinoderm_larva_seastar_brachiolaria             larvae
echinoderm_seacucumber_auricularia_larva          larvae
echinopluteus                                     larvae
ephyra                                            gelatinous
euphausiids_young                                 shrimp-like
euphausiids                                       shrimp-like
fecal_pellet                                      detritus
fish_larvae_deep_body                             fish
fish_larvae_leptocephali                          fish
fish_larvae_medium_body                           fish
fish_larvae_myctophids                            fish
fish_larvae_thin_body                             fish
fish_larvae_very_thin_body                        fish      
heteropod                                         gastropods
hydromedusae_aglaura                              hydromedusae
hydromedusae_bell_and_tentacles                   hydromedusae
hydromedusae_h15                                  hydromedusae
hydromedusae_haliscera_small_sideview             hydromedusae
hydromedusae_haliscera                            hydromedusae
hydromedusae_liriope                              hydromedusae
hydromedusae_narco_dark                           hydromedusae
hydromedusae_narco_young                          hydromedusae
hydromedusae_narcomedusae                         hydromedusae
hydromedusae_other                                hydromedusae
hydromedusae_partial_dark                         hydromedusae
hydromedusae_shapeA_sideview_small                hydromedusae
hydromedusae_shapeA                               hydromedusae
hydromedusae_shapeB                               hydromedusae
hydromedusae_sideview_big                         hydromedusae
hydromedusae_solmaris                             hydromedusae
hydromedusae_solmundella                          hydromedusae
hydromedusae_typeD_bell_and_tentacles             hydromedusae
hydromedusae_typeD                                hydromedusae
hydromedusae_typeE                                hydromedusae
hydromedusae_typeF                                hydromedusae
invertebrate_larvae_other_A                       larvae
invertebrate_larvae_other_B                       larvae
jellies_tentacles                                 gelatinous
polychaete                                        polychaete
protist_dark_center                               protists
protist_fuzzy_olive                               protists
protist_noctiluca                                 protists
protist_other                                     protists
protist_star                                      protists
pteropod_butterfly                                gastropods
pteropod_theco_dev_seq                            gastropods
pteropod_triangle                                 gastropods 
radiolarian_chain                                 protists
radiolarian_colony                                protists
shrimp_caridean                                   shrimp-like
shrimp_sergestidae                                shrimp-like
shrimp_zoea                                       shrimp-like
shrimp-like_other                                 shrimp-like
siphonophore_calycophoran_abylidae                siphonophores
siphonophore_calycophoran_rocketship_adult        siphonophores
siphonophore_calycophoran_rocketship_young        siphonophores
siphonophore_calycophoran_sphaeronectes_stem      siphonophores
siphonophore_calycophoran_sphaeronectes_young     siphonophores
siphonophore_calycophoran_sphaeronectes           siphonophores
siphonophore_other_parts                          siphonophores
siphonophore_partial                              siphonophores
siphonophore_physonect_young                      siphonophores
siphonophore_physonect                            siphonophores
stomatopod                                        crustaceans
tornaria_acorn_worm_larvae                        larvae
trichodesmium_bowtie                              trichodesmium
trichodesmium_multiple                            trichodesmium
trichodesmium_puff                                trichodesmium
trichodesmium_tuft                                trichodesmium
trochophore_larvae                                larvae
tunicate_doliolid_nurse                           tunicates
tunicate_doliolid                                 tunicates
tunicate_partial                                  tunicates
tunicate_salp_chains                              tunicates
tunicate_salp                                     tunicates
unknown_blobs_and_smudges                         unknown
unknown_sticks                                    unknown
unknown_unclassified                              unknown
